{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 JBoB Sound Pack\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/kr/#!/content/91725"}}{\fldrslt https://www.assetstore.unity3d.com/kr/#!/content/118911}}
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
3000+ Sound Effects With Free Future Updates! JBoB Sound Studio "JBoB Sound Pack" Pack contain royalty-free stock sound effects at a very affordable price delivered by professional sound designer with 10+ years of experierences.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://soundcloud.com/user-781443130/tracks"}}{\fldrslt \ul SoundCloud Preview!}}.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/12WO3Fcvfk1FTKIS73dG--FG0wlLNVNA99UBGMiSKJTk/edit?usp=sharing"}}{\fldrslt \ul Sound List Here!}}.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dPhLbWImtQ8&list=PLC9LOTRLKh6khK3iyqakPatFXsZvs1TgW"}}{\fldrslt \ul YouTube Preview!}}.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCiqwuzuuiIHB_s5zJZTKLuA"}}{\fldrslt \ul JBoB Sound YouTube!}}.\
\
This sound pack features 3000+ game sounds : Magic, Spell, Sci-Fi, UI & Jingles, Ambience, Cartoon, Damage, Explosions, Axe, Sword, Arrow, Whip, Cannon, Gun, Grenade, Missile, Rocket, and SF weapons. This is a perfect collection for your game.\
If you want to improve the quality of your game, buy it right away.\
\
Feedback? Update requests? Leave your comment via email soundgrid17@gmail.com so that we can provide you with FREE updates in the future!\'a0\
\
Take your game experience to the next level with JBoB Sound Studio sound packs!\
\
Please contact us if you need your sound.\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:soundgrid17@gmail.com"}}{\fldrslt \ul Email me!}}
\b0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}